Damn girl came back so late
Do you still want me to cook for you?
There is a door in the pot
Go get it and eat it yourself
Put the pipe away
Hey, burn the bowl first
Why is it so big that you don't have a long eye?
That's okay.
It's okay, Xiao Xiao, don't
Who?
Oh dear
You said you came here
Why are you still buying so many things?
Please sit down
Uncle aunt
200,000 dowry. I'm ready
Today I'm here to propose to Xiaoxiao
200,000 aunt turned
You get married right away
Get married soon
My dowry has been paid
Mom, I don't want to marry him.
You can't marry me to him
He's a beast
Do you know how this 200,000 came about?
He sold me.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Sold it to his brother
Sell him once brother
200,000, Sixiao
As long as your broken brother is worth 200,000
Even if it 200,000
That was also Xiao Zhou who answered the relationship.
Auntie, things have changed, Xiaoxiao
I won't dislike you because of what happened yesterday
Maybe Mr. Qin will continue to buy your songs
Our good day
Coming soon.
I will never marry you
Look at me yesterday